I'll let you in to a little secret.
There's a tool called Weev AAI that is
the secret to creating absolutely
jaw-dropping beautiful mobile apps,
software, etc. So, if you're anything
like me, you vibe coded using tools like
Google AI Studio, Claude Code, Lovable,
and the results don't look that
beautiful. Like, they they look fine,
but they don't look beautiful. And why
beautiful matters is you want people to
fall in love with your product. So, how
do you actually do that? Well, I brought
on my friend Sarah, who's an incredible
designer. She sold her last company to
Snap, and she walks us through her
entire AI workflow, including how to use
Weebi AI, the secret tool that is so,
so, so powerful that could help you
create beautiful jawdropping designs. In
this episode, we do a live build. We
actually show you how we can live build
using Google AI Studio, using Claude,
using Weevai, using Figma, and going
back to Google AI Studio. So, this is
the entire workflow. People who stick
around to the end of this episode are
going to be weapons. This is a tutorial
that doesn't exist anywhere on the
internet. So, give a like, comment, and
subscribe for more in this in your feed.
Let's get going.
all this
time, baby.
>> I begged her to come on to the pod.
Sariah, a dear friend of mine, probably
one of the most talented designers and
you, 99% of people haven't heard of her.
She sold her last company to Snap. She's
incredible. And I asked her to come on
for one sole reason. There's a lot of us
who are vibe coding apps, but they look
kind of garbage. and Sariah's AI
workflow. She uses tools like Weevai,
she uses Claude,
she uses Flux, she uses a lot and she's
able to create apps and websites and SAS
products that really resonate with
people. So Sariah, thank you for coming
on and I'm hoping that you can teach us
how to do how to how to create gorgeous
vibecoded apps.
>> Thank you for having me. Very kind
intro. Um, yeah, I think this will be
fun.
>> Okay, so if people stick around to the
end of the episode, tactically like what
are people going to learn?
>> Okay, you will learn how to design
something that looks like an agency
designed it.
>> Okay. And not just not just any agency.
>> No, no, like a real brand designer. And
maybe more importantly, you'll learn how
to make something that someone actually
wants to download. Um, and you can use
yourself as an example. you'll see an ad
for it yourself and be like, "Oh, I
would actually use that."
>> Yeah. And to be honest, like, as much as
I wanted to do this for the pod, I
wanted to do this for myself. Um,
because I wanted to learn, I think
there's so much opportunity right now to
be vibe coding products that people love
using, you know, IG reels and Tik Tok
ads to to get it to market. But, you
know, a lot of times when I'm vibe
coding stuff, it just looks kind of kind
of lame. So, what you're showing me
today, before we get into it, what
you're showing me today, I'll be able to
to to basically design products this
this beautiful.
>> Yes.
>> Okay, cool. Well, show us how.
>> Okay, amazing. Um, okay. Yeah, by the
end of this episode, we should have
something like this designed and walk
through how we do it. So, let's get
started. Um, we already introed this,
but we should build something that
doesn't look like a robot made it. Um,
anyone can build an app now. It's
amazing. So much has changed, but now
everything looks the same. And so, if
you're going to make something that
looks like everything else, it's just
really tough to actually expect anyone
to download it. Um, I am obsessed with
branding. I love branding. We should
think of it as the same thing as the
product, same thing as engineering, like
everything is branding. But to actually
prove why um okay, let's make an app. We
thought we would use a voice journal app
as an example. I feel like it's a right
of passage to want to make a journaling
app.
>> That's right.
>> I'm always like, I should journal. And
then I'm like, why don't I just make a
journaling app instead? Um, okay. So,
for this demo, we're going to use Google
AI Studio. It's definitely one of my
favorite vibe coding apps. It's really
good at oneshotting interfaces, but
we're more so focusing on design here.
But, let's just use this kind of basic
prompt like build a mobileiz voice
journaling app. Users can see a home
screen, record voice entries, see the
transcript, browse past entries,
and have it build it. Let's see how long
this takes.
It's pretty quick. I would say like two
minutes or under.
>> Yeah, it's honestly so quick. It's
amazing. It's kind of become my favorite
oneshot
um tool for vibe coding.
>> Yeah, I'm s I like Have you used any
other tools? Like why you why suggest
Google AI Studio?
>> I use AI So AI Studio is my favorite for
like a oneshot prototype. So if you just
want to see something, you're not
working in an existing codebase, you're
just like, what would this look like?
Google AI Studio is really good because
it'll do it end to end. When I'm
actually working day-to-day in an
existing codebase, um like in my current
startup, we typically focus on using
cloud code just because it's really good
at working within a codebase. Um, and
then sometimes if I do want the
capabilities of Gemini, but I still want
to work in um an existing codebase, I'll
use Gemini's model and cursor. And then
I found that Gemini is really good at UI
and shader work and like more complex
animations,
>> which is key, right? Cuz we're going to
take this one shot and then we're just
going to trying to paint it beautifully,
right?
>> Exactly. Exactly. we're going to take
this one shot and be like, "Okay, we
have the functionality. Now, how do we
make it something that a human would
actually use?"
>> And I think the problem is what a lot of
people do is they go back and forth
uh you know, pingpong so to speak with
the AI models when they need to kind of
take a step back and then figure out the
branding and then apply that branding to
the app. Right.
>> 100%. Like you can think of it as like
what do you want to outsource and what
do you not want to outsource. Like you
could say this focuses on like what it
should do but you want to keep as much
like how it should do it to your own
brain so that it like actually feels
distinct and looks different. Otherwise
like it makes sense that everything
would look the same if you're
outsourcing like all of the thinking. Um
but what's amazing is we can now
outsource stuff that are solved
problems. like it's a solved problem to
build a lot of this, but your unique
take is pretty important.
>> And I'm I'm actually really interested
to see how you use Weebi AI to do it. I
know we're going to get there, but
that's a tool that I've been meaning to
try for a very long time. I just it's a
bit o it feels like a bit overwhelming
to be honest. Uh
>> I think actually even as a designer like
I used to not like nodebased tools even
though like origami and stuff was really
popular, I never personally liked it.
Um, but I think with like AI models are
the unlock for it for making them like
actually super useful. Okay, let's see
what this generated. Okay, this
generated. Good morning. You can record.
Hello. Hello. Hello. It's going to
record something.
Stop recording it. Pretty cool. I mean,
it's still obviously really epic to see
that this could get generated in like 20
seconds or 2 minutes or however long it
took. Okay, cool. You can see the home
and you can see the journal. Let's take
screenshots of this and see what it
looks like in our Figma. So, this is the
app that got generated via Google. And I
mean, honestly, like if the app store
was just invented, it wouldn't be that
bad cuz it was a novel thing to be able
to record back then, but now that we're
so used to software, like if we were to
see this on Instagram or Tik Tok, um we
would not download it ourselves to use.
It's true, you know, and I don't think a
lot of people are saying that, right?
So, yeah. So, how do we how do we this
is really cool and it's got a good
foundation. How do we take this
foundation and build something
beautiful?
>> Okay, so the helpful part about this is
we know what it needs to do. So, let's
just like quickly write down what it
needs to it needs to record
record audio. It needs to Let's see what
else. It needs to have a history.
>> Yeah. what you record and it needs to
have like a button to actually start
recording or let's we already have that
with record audio. It needs to have
timer while you're recording.
>> So basically you just you just outline
what the screens need to do at this
stage.
>> And most people stop here, right? Like
vibe coding focuses a lot on like what
does the thing do? It records, it shows
your history, and there's a timer. Um
but that's like not what a product is.
is like you don't really think of your
favorite products in the world and
think, "Oh, it does this." You think,
"Oh, it makes my life easier and I just
feel so good using it and like blah blah
blah blah blah." So that's what we're
going to focus on now. An equally
important thing to what it does is like
how should it do it? So I literally
always start here. Like I define how
something should make you feel. And even
though that sounds like a little
designer hippie-dippy, it's like really
not. Um, and so, okay, I kind of wrote
out this prompt beforehand. Um, and this
is exactly something that I would paste
in Claude, and we're going to paste it
in Claude and see what it thinks. But
let's just talk about how the audio
journal app should make someone feel.
I think it should make someone feel, or
let me rephrase, um, who are we making
this for? We're making an audio journal
app for someone who wants to get their
thoughts out. It's too long to write
them out on pen and paper, but there
might there may be tired of just like
using tech all the time and like being
on their phone all the time. And so that
tells us that we don't want people to
feel like they're just in any other app.
So that means that our original design
already failed because this like 100%
feels like every other app on the
planet. And so it kind of goes against
like why someone would download an AI
journal in the first place, which is
like to feel calmer and just get your
thoughts out. So now we know, okay, we
want someone to feel maybe like they're
in something analog. We want to be able
to think out loud, but not feel like
they're on their phones. Um, and they
shouldn't feel like we're trying to
steal their attention and like force a
bunch of ads and random stuff down their
throat, like a lot of apps. Let's go
ahead and paste this into Claude so that
it can help us along the way. I'm
designing a voice journaling app. Let's
have it help us define how it feels,
blah blah blah, and see what it says.
>> And what's your advice for people who
like I I feel like your insights there
were really bang on. Like any advice for
people to come up with insights like
that?
>> Good question. Um, I think an example is
I I I actually use movies and TV shows
as a reference a lot. Like movies and TV
shows have a beginning, middle, end. And
if we think of a product like that, it
becomes a lot easier. Like if we're
building like a health tracking app, we
don't really care about the middle and
end yet. We care about the beginning and
that's like how someone feels. So we
might say like, okay, we want someone to
feel
not anxious by like having some annoying
coach telling them what to do every 5
seconds. Like that might not get the
girl who I want to download it to
download it.
>> And so if you just think really like as
a human, I think that's why people say
like build stuff for yourself cuz it's
like you naturally know how you feel and
how you want to feel. Um, I don't think
you have to build for yourself. Like I
But you also have to think about like,
okay, then how would that person want to
feel? And then you work backward
backwards like, okay, I want this girl
to feel
calm. Therefore, it probably can't have
like 75 timers saying like track these
5,000 things and like work backwards of
those like key words. But also like
Claude helps with it a lot. So, even if
we said something like, "I'm designing a
voice journal app.
I want people to feel calm or they're
tired of their phones." Like, you could
kind of see, okay, what does it say? How
should it feel? Like, do I actually like
what it's saying or do I not? And like
you keep I I think Claude is like the
perfect brainstorming tool.
>> Cool. That's helpful.
>> So, here, let's see what it says. It
says this is for the overinker that
needs to exhale. Mind's constantly
running. Sure. Whatever. Over
stimulated. Yep. Like this all sounds
like pretty spot-on. They crave
permission to be unpolished. They
suspicious of apps that um want too much
of them. Analog warmth. That's cool
because it's highly visual. So I think
like the things to take from this are
like what are things that are like very
visual. And then also what's equally
helpful is like what is it not? It's not
productivity tool. That's important
because that's really the opposite of
like a private space to rant. It's not
social. um not needy. Okay, this is
really helpful. And I don't tend to use
the questions it asks for this branding
process cuz it's more about like what do
we want from this? And then let's go
back to the Figma.
So now Claude knows enough to kind of
help us create brand guidelines. I feel
like a lot of people think of brand
guidelines as this like corporate like
afterpaint structure, but it's really
not. Brand guidelines are really just
like um a prompt in it of itself and
it's a prompt we're going to bring into
Weevi. So let's call our app cassette.
So we can say let's call our app
cassette.
Based on that, write me brand
guidelines.
And we'll just kind of use this
throughout.
I'm happy you said, by the way, that you
think brand guidelines sounds corporaty
cuz
I sort of know that people are thinking
that in their heads.
>> Like a different phrase. Oh gosh, it's
going really extra. It's making like
literal brand guidelines. No, no, no.
Just write them out, please.
What people don't realize is the brand
guidelines is what's going to get people
to download your app.
>> It's the opposite of corporate jargon
and corporate stuff, right?
>> 100%. Like if a brand is successful, you
won't notice it in the final app. It'll
just feel good.
>> And that's really the goal of like all
these complexities and processes. Like
you don't do processes. Like sometimes
you could literally just sketch
something and that's it and you've got
it. It's just about knowing like what
you want. But I think these tools are
nice because they help you get to know
what you want. Like we can look at this
and see, do we like it or not? Like
cassette. Deliberate misspelling of
cassette. That was not deliberate. That
was my bad. That's really not important.
Cassette is a voice journal for people
who think out loud but are tired of
being on their phones. Totally spot on.
Let's put that in the Figma. We like
that. That seems like a good thing to
put into Weevie. And that's kind of just
what you do. Like you just take stuff
from here that you like. Um, and like
let's see where it talks about
cassette is the satisfying click of a
record button. That feels really nice
because we can kind of feel that like,
okay, maybe we just build our whole
visual style around like analog cassette
um, designs. And so I usually will just
like talk back and forth with Claude.
Um, it could take one chat like this or
a few more until you kind of end up with
guidelines that you like. So, I think
parts of this are relevant and then a
bunch of it we don't really need. But
for now, let's just take like these two
things. Voice journal, people who think
out loud. It's focused on analog and
like a record button. And then the next
tool I use is Cosmos. Cosmos is my it's
honestly one of my favorite apps just in
general. Um, it's an alternative to
Pinterest and it's beautiful and it's
usually where I make mood boards. So, I
prepared a mood board for this voice
app, but I'm going to show you just like
very easily how
um you could add to it or do the same.
It's super simple. Like you could
literally just type vintage cassette.
Oh, there's this like cassette and you
can kind of go down all these clusters.
Um, and Cosmos is really nice because
you kind of just end up in this like
endless loop. And so if you really like
the colors in this, I'm going to add
this to our voice app mood board. And
then you can just keep going until you
stop. I usually end up on this site just
without even trying. Um, so if we go
back to the mood board, you can kind of
feel the vibe that like all of these are
matching the stuff we just talked about.
like they're all really analog. We can
lean into the analog vibe to make
something feel how we said in the
beginning, which is like not very techy,
not overwhelming, and like personal.
And so the next step is the main part
we're going to talk about, which is
Weebi. So Weevie, super cool app. Um,
like Greg mentioned earlier, it's
nodebased
and yeah, kind of like you said, it
looks complex. Like if you zoom out, it
has like this beautiful complex thing,
but it's actually really not. I found
that it's just the best way to try any
model um visually and like really really
quickly for honestly any project. Um, so
let's get back to branding. I went ahead
and I saved all the images from this
mood board to my desktop. So, you just
like go into it, click save. Um, then it
saves and then you just paste them all
into Weevi
so that we can use them for branding
and then they load really quickly.
Um, let's put them all together.
And now the question, this is what's not
really, this is what you couldn't do in
the past. Like in the past, you'd have a
mood board and then it's like, okay,
then what? It's all this work and you
have to like contact a designer and have
them like look at the mood board, create
custom assets from it and like all this
stuff. But now, literally anyone can do
it. Um, let's go back to the Figma.
Okay, so we did the mood board. Cool.
And now we're going to start a weebi.
And so the way you use Weevie and the
way I use it is I kind of switch between
Claude and Weevie and I have Claude
create the prompts that I want to put
into Weevie. And so okay, we're going to
start with colors. Colors is like a mood
board kind of the most primitive easy
thing to start with and then it's going
to be like building blocks like colors
and then backgrounds and then buttons
and images. And you could think of it as
like a literal painting and we're kind
of starting with the background. So, we
have this image in Weevi, one of the
mood board references. You're going to
take it as an input and let's use an
image model. We're going to use Flex 2
Pro. It's a very good just like general
model to use for a bunch of stuff. And
so, then in the prompt, we can write
something like,
I need a color palette. Extract colors
from this reference image.
And let's see what it does.
And usually when I run these models, I
run a bunch of different ones. Like,
let's do the same thing on this one cuz
this is kind of nice. And let's just say
give
give me a color palette based on this
image,
but make it textured and vintage.
>> And you're doing that cuz you're you
want to see like what's going to get you
the best result. Yes. So,
you want to see what's going to get you
the best result and what's going to get
you I mean part of this is developing
your own taste in general and in the
product you're making. So, like if we go
back to okay, I want this person to feel
retro, calm, cool. Um what else? Like
not too techy. Like what matches that?
So that's another reason I start with
like how do you want the end person to
feel is like any step of the way you
just kind of go back to that and are
like is this true or not true? So, like
I kind of like thought I would love this
more, but I kind of love this more
personally. Like it just feels really
cohesive and there's like a really nice
textural element to it.
>> And so maybe that tells us like, oh, we
should lean into like the textures of
cassette tapes and
um stuff like that. Like actually
earlier when I kind of was thinking
through this demo, um I did some other
variations and kind of ended up with
like a similar metaphor of like, okay,
how can we lean into this like analog
cassette tape? Um so maybe we kind of
run with that. So now we have like a
couple color palettes. Um
but I don't know about you, but I
personally also am like obsessed with
this image, honestly. Like this could
literally be the app.
But and honestly sometimes I do that
like I'll find one image I like and then
make a whole company based off that
image.
>> Like
my last startup I worked on literally I
just found like one image and then the
whole branding came from that one image.
So I wouldn't be afraid of doing that.
Like you could literally just love this
image so much and be like this is the
whole app the whole product like every
>> I mean didn't Johnny I do that with Dita
Rams and Apple like that's basically
what he did I think you know Johnny Ives
who used to run design at Apple was a
huge Dita Rams fan. I think Dita Rams
was you know creating stuff in the 50s
and 60s and just saw some of his stuff
and then that inspired a whole set of
Apple products from that. So, we're not
reinventing the wheel here. We're just
doing it using different tools.
>> 100%. It's all the same exact thing. And
even for the new product I'm working on
right now, like I literally just found
one image that I really liked and now
the entire product is based on this like
one shadow image.
>> So, this one I feel like it's kind of
nice to find that image. So, like we
have these two color palettes, but I
also just personally like this image.
And I think why do we like it? like we
have to think about like, okay, well,
we're using the colors that feel analog,
but we still have like maybe a
background that feels calm and like
versatile. So, now we kind of know like,
okay, we have a bunch of colors to play
with. We're experimenting with colors
and you can kind of go back and forth
between like what do you need help with
from Claude and what do you just want to
put into Weebi. Like sometimes if
something isn't coming out in Weebi how
you like it, just tell Claude, say to
Claude like, "I want a better prompt for
getting a color palette from an image."
Or you can just go directly into Weebi.
Um, and so one idea that actually came
up when I was looking at this image is
like we really like texture, which we
saw here. We also really like this just
like pretty analog hybrid machine thing.
So, what if the anchor of our visual
system, if you will, is like as you use
the product more, this becomes more used
visually. Like, what do you think?
>> I love that. I love that. I mean, like
digital products, think about it.
They're kind of like cartoons. It's like
The Simpsons never got older, you know,
but time went on.
So, I like this con. That's a huge
That's a winning concept. I'm I'm in.
>> Okay. I love that. True. And I feel like
sometimes if you overuse analog things
digitally, but there's no purpose to
them, it feels kind of gimmicky. And so
you got to think about too like what's
the purpose of your brand element? Like
it's not for the sake of it. Like we're
not just putting this to be pretty. But
if you're making it more like used like
you would in the real world, then it's
also just like a reason for someone to
actually use it every day. So then we
might say to Claude, "I have a product
idea. that the app should age with use.
Um, new users get a nice interface, blah
blah blah, but we want to extract that
loved and used feeling. And then let's
say like, write me a prompt. Oh, I have
that here. Write me a prompt
that shows a progression on a vintage
audio equipment image.
Let's see what it says.
Let's see what that does. It might be a
little too detailed,
but who knows? It's good to experiment.
And maybe we use it with
this cassette tape because I'm going to
do it on a cassette tape.
>> And so Flux 2, you basically are
exclusively using Flux 2 Pro
>> right now. Yes. For image to for any
image generation, it's like you don't
have to be too deep about which model
you use. like you just want to see it
visually. And I found that Flux is quick
and just good at like text prompts and
it feels like very generically good. Um,
and then I'll get into like a couple
other models down the line when it
becomes more important to like grab
actual assets. Okay, this kind of shows
us what it would look like to like have
a more used cassette tape. And I do love
the vibe actually. I'm obsessed. So now
maybe we take this image we love and say
um
okay let's put that into flux again and
the prompt is like show a more used
version of this audio system.
Um and again like there's always a more
detailed in-depth prompt like you can
always paste your prompt into claude and
be like make this a better prompt and
just kind of like experiment it with it
like you would vibe coding. Let's see
what it does. And then while it's
generating, let's go back to Figma. Now
we kind of have a visual anchor of the
whole product. Like it should all kind
of get more used as we
use it, as the user uses it. Um, and
like if we're going to go back to what
the functionality is, we need to be able
to record audio,
see what you record, and have a timer.
And now let's say that we have a color
palette and we have a visual anchor. So,
we sh we're probably ready to like
actually work on the actual like assets
and buttons now that we kind of have
honestly like all the pieces put
together. Like I actually love this so
much. Oh my god, this is so pretty. Um,
okay, cool.
So, we could start with the buttons. Um,
this is another prompt I kind of wrote
out beforehand is like we need a record
button. Um, and something I do a lot is
I say to Claude like, "Okay, write
different prompts of different types of
record buttons." Like, we might want to
try like a minimal version that's
similar to this. We might want to try
like a more intense version
um that might be similar to some of
these versions I did earlier. And you
kind of just want to see what different
buttons look like. So, I'm going to show
you how these were generated over here
because it's the same exact process we
just used.
So, you might take input as a color
palette. You might want to take input as
an as a as a um cassette tape. Any image
again can always be your input. And then
let's see what the prompts are. So, this
is for example like generate a record
button inspired by this cassette
recorder. It should be like an analog
button from the 80s. use this color
palette. Um, and I've actually just like
a quick I found that like a lot of talk
online about AI is like how do you get
consistent characters with like AI
images, which is important and like
challenging. But the nice part about
product design is you don't need like a
face to look the same. You just need
colors, shadows, lighting to look the
same, which is a lot easier. So, it's
like a lot easier in app design and web
design to make something like visually
consistent with AI than like images
you're generating of a person. Anyway,
okay. So, we have a bunch of buttons.
This one I really liked, but it makes it
makes the background hard, I think, cuz
it's not like on its own. Um,
so my personal favorite ended up being
just isolating this red one from our
favorite image right here. What do we
think?
>> I couldn't agree more.
>> Okay.
>> Simple. It makes It's like, you know,
you go into like a Staples or whatever
and they sell those like big red buttons
that people want to press. Like that's
what this feels like.
>> Yes. Completely. I love it. It's so
adorable. And I kind of like how it's
like modern but not modern and analog
but not like completely analog. Um,
okay. So, we can kind of just go with
this button. Normally from here, um, I
would just download this image like
straight from Weevi.
Let's download it. They make it so easy.
Um, and then into Figma, I would just
paste it.
And we're literally just starting to
like save assets that we like. And so
now we know that we like this button.
Um,
and we can deal with like typography and
text and like all of that stuff after.
And so if we're going to go back to
like, okay, what do we need to build? We
now have a record button. Um, we can
deal with typography and text after. And
we have kind of this like recording
um speaker system. Clearly, I'm not like
an audio person. Okay. Now, the big
element we're missing visually, I guess,
is the like history of after you record
something, what does it look like? In
our AI generated app, it's like a little
list. But if we want to lean into this
like analog
whatever vintage cool system, we
probably want like a metaphor for that.
And luckily, we already have a metaphor
for it, which is in the name. It's a
cassette tape. So, we could just go back
to one of these images. I actually
really liked one that got generated
here.
And I'll show you how this was made
from this color scheme, which was
created the same way we did earlier.
You could say, "Generate a set of
cassette tapes using this color palette.
Show the tapes from the spine view like
they're stacked on a shelf." Actually,
I'm kind of curious if we did that from
this color palette. What would it do?
Let's take this image. I love this
image. It looks like it'd be like a cafe
in Brooklyn. Um, and let's do flex
again.
And then let's do that same prompt I
just pasted.
Generate a set of cassette tapes. Let's
see what it does. And then let's do the
same thing from this one. I'm just
curious.
And I just kind of copy paste the same
prompt over and over. And I also just
love how
we
kind of tools are like meant to be
really messy. Like it's meant to be I
think really just a bunch of things
everywhere. Um, and what's we haven't
really talked about like the price of
something like this. Like how much is it
expensive? Is it cheap? Weebi.
>> Good question. It's pretty well priced.
I think I think it's like 200 credits
that are free every month. And okay,
wait. I'm on the paid one, which is like
$10 a month, I think. 15. And you get
1,500 credits cuz I use it a lot for
work.
>> But this you could do for free. Like you
get like
>> I mean this has taken us so far probably
like 30 40 credits. So, it's kind of
amazing, honestly.
>> And see how good this is. Like, it
literally just created all the cassette
tapes based on the two color palettes. I
think it did a pretty decent job. And
then an idea is like, okay, we want to
use these cassette tapes as the history
of like each recording. So maybe we take
this image, we do another flux prompt
and we go um
give me this same image but change the
text on the binding to be a date like
January
19th, 2026
because then we can kind of keep this
metaphor going and be like, "Okay, every
time you do a recording, we have like a
new cassette tape.
show up on the screen. I did one earlier
that I also liked. I'll show you guys in
a sec once this generates.
Actually, wait, I'll just show you now.
Like this one, for example, the one I
showed earlier, we took this image
and it has like random text that it
generated. And then I said, okay,
replace the text with different dates.
And it did it pretty nicely. So, you
could kind of imagine like you'd give
this to a vibe coding platform and then
it would just like do it automatically.
Let's see if it did it. Oh my god, it's
so cute. Okay, I love it. See, you can
kind of see the dates and then I mean
some of them are a little off, but
that's okay. These don't need to be
perfect. So, now let's download this
image. I'm going to download the one
from here
because it has a bit of a background
color I like.
So, let's download this image and let's
paste that into Figma. Okay, we have
these two visual references. So, now we
pretty much have even though it's kind
of hard to see, if you squint your eyes,
you can see that we have like all the
functionality visually. Like we have a
record button, we have a speaker, and we
have the history. It's just not in an
app yet, which is fine. Let's do the
logo, and then let's come back to the
last step, which is putting the app
together. Okay, this logo stuff still
blows my mind as someone who has been
designing logos their whole life. Um,
where am I? Okay, let's go back to
Weebi. So, now we're going to switch
models. We're not doing ide. We're not
doing flux anymore. We're going to do
ideoggram.
Super cool model. It's It's really good
at typography, honestly. It's like
amazing. So, okay, we're going to put
this into Claude.
And it basically says, "Write me four
logo prompts." one that's like this, one
that's like this, one that's like this,
one that's like this, whatever. And
let's see what it does.
>> So, it says
a technical word mark version A,
handwritten, B, tape label, C, minimal
word mark, D. Okay.
>> Do you like these?
Maybe this one.
>> Yeah. I mean, I feel like that's the
coolest. Like a version C, like a tape
brand.
>> Yes. Like I haven't even heard the names
TD Key or Max Cell and Bass F
>> but like I I it's actually probably like
deep in my brain somewhere, you know?
>> But like I I I I do like I think that's
like what we're trying to evoke.
>> Okay, let's go with this one.
And then let's see. Oh, and another cool
thing Logo does that Claude is good at
is giving a negative prompt, which is
basically what you don't want.
>> Um, and so we don't want something 3D
render glossy gradient mesh.
Unfortunately, AI is ruining gradients.
Um, sparkles like the you could just
list a thousand things you don't want.
So, that's kind of helpful, too. So,
let's try it. You type idiogram v3
and you're going to add the prompt which
you picked which is like a really good
one I think. Get rid of the version
thing. And then the negative prompt.
Let's just take clouds. I feel like it's
pretty good. Cold, vinimal, corporate.
True. Definitely don't want that.
Negative prompt.
Prompt. Okay, let's run it and see what
he thinks.
>> Let's run it.
>> I just do ide for fun cuz it's so wild.
Okay. So, flux for most things.
Ideogram. Okay.
>> I love it.
>> That is really nice.
>> Isn't it so nice? I
>> I can't even tell how to spell cassette
anymore to be honest, but it doesn't
>> I think it's two S's, right?
>> I think so, but it doesn't matter.
>> Doesn't matter.
>> Oh my god, I love it. Um, let's do a few
more. They're so fun. Like, you could do
pretty much any.
Um,
and then sometimes if you only like one
prompt from Claude, you could be like,
"I like this prompt.
Make another one, but maybe we have a
different style, but black and white
only, cuz sometimes you might need a
black and white logo."
>> Yeah. And like the gasp that you just
had like oh my god is because you have
been a designer your whole life and have
spent so many hours, days, nights,
sleepless nights, you know, thinking
about all this. So the fact that it can
get done for like the cost of like three
pennies or whatever is just like mind in
like one second is mind-blowing.
>> No, it's it's so true. It's
mind-blowing. Like really the only
benefit of being a designer at this
point is knowing maybe a little bit
about what to react to, but that's
really really minuscule. Like I think
it's so insane. Like I'm not as obsessed
with this, but still cool.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Cool. And then the other ones that got
made earlier were also really cute. Like
all of the I mean this one was bad, but
this one's really cute. And you can kind
of just feel out like what fits and what
doesn't. And I mean the benefit of
making a mood board and all the like
earlier stuff of like how should it feel
is it can let us look at this and then
this and kind of decide okay this feels
more the vibe.
>> Yeah. Cool.
>> Okay.
>> So we have a logo.
>> Okay. We have logo. We're good. Um let
me download this logo. Now we're pretty
much ready for the final situation which
is making the screens in Figma. Um, so
in Figma, if you press F, you can get
the frames. Let's just click iPhone and
make a few iPhone screens. Add some
border radius to be pretty.
And I'm going to paste in a little top
bar. Let's call it cassette.
Just spell it differently everywhere.
And then
>> how did you paste the top bar for people
who don't know how to do that?
>> That's a good question. I have a really
bad answer which is I have it in a that
I used forever. But
you can also Figma community search iOS
and like every iOS component on the
planet shows up that you can copy paste.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah. And it's honestly more for it's
like you don't need to do it here, but
it just makes it feel so much more
legit. Um and then let's bring these
down
so that we have like a bit of a side by
side. Okay, what do we need to do?
Record audio history of what you record
timer. Okay, these don't need to be
perfect. Let's first do record.
Actually, let's just like add our logo
in. Cute. The problem is that it's a
black background and we don't want that.
You can very easily in Weebi. Here's
another tip in Weebi. You take the
result, you type in background remove.
>> Oh wow. And it just does it right there.
And we can redownload that.
>> That's handy,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> So cute. Logo background remove. So,
let's use that one instead.
Very cute. And then we're going to want
to color. Let's just use
something like this for now. and we can
change it cuz that doesn't quite fit.
Something another tip that's Figma that
I like to do a lot is anytime you have
an image and you're trying to figure out
your color, go here to appearance and if
you go down and type overlay or hard
light, you can kind of play with these
blend modes and you see like it changes
the color based on the background. So
like even this for example feels a
little better than that. Um but we can
change our color after based on our
color scheme. Let's just get the
functionality down. So we have this like
splash screen. Now let's do the record
audio button screen. Let's just go ahead
and paste this directly for now.
And we can fix it later in terms of
spacing and whatnot. Let's change the
background. And now we need the history
of what you record. Let's just paste
this in
and see how it looks.
We kind of have the basics, but it looks
like we need to change a couple of the
backgrounds. There is actually one more
cassette tape I liked better in our
weevi that might work better. And now
you only see it once you're in Figma.
And it's this more simplified
cassette tape here.
This one I ran into the same thing
earlier. Simplified cassette tape. And
just for reference, I made that by just
saying like generate a new row of
cassette tapes. And so you you really
just like iterate on your exact weebi um
the more you go cuz in this one it's
like a little hard to see the spacing
and stuff. So let's make another one
with simplified cuz that tape's
adorable.
>> Yeah,
>> right.
>> Yeah, that looks really good.
>> It's so cute. Okay. And maybe they can
like horizontal scroll it. But we also
need to unfortunately remove the
background.
Remove the background.
And we're also going to remove the
background of
our favorite one, which is
this one.
Um, and that's kind of like a thing you
should do all the time is make your
favorite asset and then remove the
background at the end once you're
putting everything together.
um to make it all cohesive. But while
that's running, let's download this.
Call it clean.
Go back to Figma.
Paste in clean.
Paste in our logo
at the top.
Cool. So, this is our new version of
history.
This is our current little splash
screen.
And then let's get
the one that we removed the background
of down here. Oh wow, it removed
everything.
That's okay.
I'll show you how to fix that cuz that
happens really often. Now we have this
little button. Sometimes when that
happens, I actually just take this into
Figma and remove the background.
Background removal, it's like so common
that you just kind of mess with it until
it comes out right. Like honestly, if we
just did it in Wavy again, it' probably
work too. Um,
now let's get the color scheme we want.
We already have the color scheme from
Weevi.
Let's go back up to our color scheme.
Just kind of copy rain shot, paste it
here, and kind of eyeball
a better color scheme that fits the
vibe. Like
something like that is nice
to feel a little more warm.
And now I guess we need text.
>> We'll literally just look at the vibe
coded one to kind of copy what text we
need.
Um,
or we can just look at what we need to
do. So, you need to record audio,
history, and timer. So, record audio.
Oh, well, we're missing a record button.
Now, we know from
the history screen.
Let's go ahead and add a cute little
record button here.
Maybe some T type. Some a helpful tip
for mobile apps is like I would just
keep the typography very simple and the
same
oops 20
same tip as earlier. A helpful thing for
typography is for colors use blend
overlay and then it automatically
is the color that fits well
or that screen. See, like this
automatically looks like it fits really
well. And I just duplicated it.
Something like that.
>> Do you ever think we'll get to the step
where like the step before this, like
the pre-Figma step where you'll just be
able to put into Google AI Studio and
it'll just like figure it out for you?
>> Honestly, you could do that now. Like I
think part of me likes compositing in
Figma so that when I am going back and
forth with Google Studio, I have a north
star.
>> Yeah. But like you could very much just
literally get to this step, paste in
these reference images to Google Studio
and kind of see what it does. It might
take a lot more similar to vibe coding
like back and forth.
>> Yeah,
>> I think it's similar to like how much
back and forth do you want to have? How
much of a vision do you have for it?
Like this isn't a necessary step by any
means. At the end of this, what I want
to do is just compare what
>> output versus Google AI Studios output.
>> Yes, I think that's a great idea cuz I'm
kind of curious like if we paste this in
this in and like the logo, there is a
logo I kind of liked better that was
generated here that I do think we should
use. Um,
it's this little
I think it's just that we need like a
black and white one honestly for it to
be really simple. But honestly, either
would work. It's really just personal
preference sometimes, but just so we
have some less colors going on. Let's
remove that background.
And then the last text we'll add is
library.
And then paste it at the top. And there
you go. Your app is done.
>> Download it at the app store right now.
>> Rate it. Fun stars.
>> Yeah.
>> But I like that idea. Should we paste it
into Google?
>> Let's paste it into Google. And then at
the after that, let's tell people if
they actually wanted to make this
fully functioning app, like how would
they actually do that?
>> Okay, let's do it. Remember you design
the interface based on the logo color
image
of cassettes
as history objects and
record button
attached. There's probably a much better
in-depth prompt we could use and make
this work really well to be honest.
>> Right. And we would go to a code or or
another LLM to go and optimize that for
us.
>> Exactly. Like you could finesse it to
the point where
you have pretty much everything.
Or you could honestly just like upload
the Figma files too, but you really
don't need to. And then you kind of see
what it does.
>> Yeah. And then we wait.
>> I wonder what it'll do.
I mean,
if it could do that, it would make a,
you know, the lives easier for a lot of
people. Um, the way I see it is it's
kind of like, you know, do you want to
There's like you can drive a manual car,
you can drive an automatic car, or you
can drive a self-driving car, aka you're
not driving out at all, full
self-driving.
>> Um, and you're just like managing the
wheel. And like now it's kind of pick
your poison based on like your level of
comfort and all the and all these
different tools.
>> Totally. And sometimes
it's just like whatever comes up with
the best output. Like you could design
the whole thing in Figma and then
suddenly like you get a one shot that's
just better or vice versa.
>> Yeah.
Like I found that shaders especially in
Google AI Studio, it's like the one
thing where I found that it just
oneshots it so well that I'll almost
never start with an existing thing.
>> And then have you played or have you
seen you know any of these
mobile vibe coding app platforms like
vibe code app or there's anything.com.
Have you seen these?
>> Yes, it's a good point. I have seen
them. I haven't played around with them
in extreme depth. I've like tried a
prompt or two.
>> Yeah.
>> And I know they're getting better at
backends and stuff like that, but that's
usually always my um hold up with them
is they'll feel like a little
almost like the old version of no code
sometimes. But honestly, they're getting
so much better that I'm sure it'll
evolve a lot.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's on my to-do list to
like try it out. But I have seen like
some of them are built on cloud on Opus
4.5. So it's like you got to think it's
pretty good, right?
>> Yeah. No, they're probably really good.
And I feel like in the past 6 months
like Claude has gotten so I mean I guess
all the models but at least from what I
use Cloud's gotten so much better at
Swift and iOS whereas I feel like web
used to really be like
substantially better. Um, and now it's
like really good at iOS, too.
>> So, the for the mobile apps that you're
building now, you're using cursor.
>> I'm using Claude Code is my number one
love of my life. My number two love of
my life, cursor with Gemini model and
plan mode. And then for oneoff shots,
one-off prototypes, I'll use like Google
AI Studio directly.
>> You can only have one love of your life.
You can't have two. That's That's
blasphemy.
>> No, you can't. But yeah, it's Claude.
It'll always be Claude.
Okay. What do we got? What am I looking
at here?
>> Let's see. I mean, it got the logo. It
got the orange.
>> Okay. Honestly, it's like much cuter.
>> Yeah. Oh, 100%.
>> Wow. Oh my god. Life is so crazy. I
can't believe it does this.
>> I mean, it's not perfect.
And I still I think the Figma version is
a lot better, but I I think that you
probably can pingpong this to get to a
point where it's almost if not Figma
Figma level
>> 100%. Also, like our prompt was so
short.
>> Yeah. And we're doing this live, so you
could point is people listening, you if
you want to go back to AI Studio, feel
free. You don't need to be in Figma.
>> Yes, 100%. Like if you spent one more
minute than we did on the prompt, I
would have done it.
>> Amazing. Um, Teria, anything else you
want to leave people with? Anything else
that you didn't cover that you wish you
did?
>> Um, good question. No, I would just say
that spend lots of time on Cosmos. Spend
lots of time gathering your own
inspiration. Um, that's like actually
just a lot of it. And then
>> yeah,
>> you can pretty much make anything you
want. Yeah, it sounds like
it feels like what I've learned is it's
a game of kind of like collecting the
right inspiration
and
then using
like maybe sleeping on it and being
like, okay, this photo, this picture,
this and then getting the insights from
there and then and then just bringing it
back to AI Studio or Figma and and
that's what it is
>> 100%. It's so simple. It's like really
you can take one visual reference and
then just like make everything based on
that.
>> Well, thank you so much for
for for coming and showing us all this.
I think it's going to make a huge
difference in people's products lives
and uh and I'll include links for where
to follow you on your journey in the
show notes in the description. highly
encourage people go and follow Sariah
and her journey. She's criminally
underfollowed, criminally unknown, and
but people who know you know that you're
an incredible designer. Uh, and I'm just
honored that you came on the show, that
you shared a lot of sauce, and that I've
gotten to know you over the last
five or six years.
>> Nice. Thank you. You, too. I'm so happy
on. I I hope you come on back on again
and uh people listening, I hope you go
and build something beautiful and and I
know you will now. So, thank you so
much.
>> Thank you. There you go.